{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
My schedule was very full with internship, having just finished it last week. I did not have time to complete it, but I attempted the task. \
I spent a couple of hours setting up the user interface/dashboard for the settings page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Unfortunately, there is no functionality available.\
\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Instructions:\
1. Drop the wp-moud folder into the plugins folder (wordpress/wp-content/plugins)\
2. Activate plugin.\
3. There will be a menu item Moud\'92s Announcements. \
4. There are two pages, main page and add new. Main page has a button that will redirect to \'91Add new announcements\'92 page.\
5. The subpage consists of a title field and a content text field, as well as a submit button.\
\
Personal Thoughts:\
1. Initially, I though setting up a Wordpress with database was going to be challenging since I am using a Mac. However, it turns out to be pretty straight forward, using MAMP instead of the windows-only WAMP.\
\
2. Having no PHP knowledge, it was initially very daunting, with hooks and etc., being alien to me. However, with the guidance of tutorials, I have become more accustomed to it.\
\
3. I believe that with sufficient time, I would be able to complete this task. With a structured programme, I would be able to improve my skills in web development. I believe that I have much more to learn to progress.}